Wait a minute, I suddenly remembered that I have something to do
I'm leaving first.
Meet Princess Changle
Her Royal Highness the Princess
Thank you princess
The name of Princess Changle
It's like a lifetime away
The lord has always been concerned about your marriage, princess
There we go.
No more nagging
We don't want this person to give up and stay
Like a flood dragon overturning the sea
It's a pity
It's a disability.
Disability? What?
I like it
If it is Her Royal Highness the Princess, it is not
However, Chen Bufan's disability is not incurable
The ancient god of Lu Shen has a magic medicine
Named Black Jade Duan Xugao
Then do you know the god of this newcomer?
The action of the ancient god master is relatively hidden
Very few people have seen
But
Her Royal Highness
Auction in your name
A mysterious person took a picture of both treasures
And this baby is the Deer God Order
Shenlu Order
It's the Deer God Order
If you can get him, you can see the Lord God
It was auctioned at an auction house in your name
In my name.
That's right, Her Royal Highness
This auction house is called Changle Auction House
It was given by the lord of the country when you were 18 years old
He gave away so many things.
How could I remember
Just in time, I will go directly to the auction house
Just take a picture of the Deer God Order